Edit Vision (#6319)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/polkadot-direction.md

An application can be assigned to multiple cores simultaneously. Some applications can have a
permanent core assignment and an intermittent one, for example, in a period of high demand to send

> multiple blocks to multiple cores at the same time slot to reduce latency. Combined coretime is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
multiple blocks to multiple cores at the same time slot to reduce latency. Combining coretime in this manner is
```

Sharing cores with other applications to share costs but with no reduction in latency. Note that
this is different from the [split coretime](#split-coretime) where one core is used by multiple
application at different times to share costs at the expense of higher latency. Shared cores will be

> enabled with [JAM](../learn/learn-jam-chain.md), a semi-coherent concept in which data from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enabled with [JAM](../learn/learn-jam-chain.md), a semi-coherent system in which data from
```
